Update scalar values guide (#4798)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.6/query-data/flux/scalar-values.md

{{% note %}}
#### Extract the correct table

Flux functions do not guarantee table order.
`findColumn()` and `findRecord` extract only the **first** table that matches the `fn` predicate.

> To extract the correct table, be very specific in your predicate function or
> filter and transform your data to minimize the number of tables piped-forward into the functions.

Author: ```suggestion
To extract the correct table, use the `fn` predicate function to specifically identify the table to extract or
filter and transform your data to minimize the number of tables piped-forward into the functions.
```
